Both the Lord
Then there is the immortal god
If you cut off your head
If you can still guarantee that your physical body will not die
Then I won't ask
You can't cut off your head, how can you live?
Yezi Yang, you are too insidious
Sir, you don't need to care about his words at all.
Even if you don't compete with him
The top ten kung fu still recognize you as the main one
Really?
Do you agree with me?
Certainly not me.
The top ten yuba are blurred by Daxia for so many years
How can we be willing to accept a family
overnight
Above our heads
Although we are but one Lord
But we are still not convinced
So you're still not convinced
Who can live on the ground
Since Yihuan is not satisfied, then forget it
My business is too big to end
After all, they come from many places.
I don't want any glory and wealth
I don't want money or power.
I just want you
Since they refused to accept
Then I'll make them serve
Besides
Something's not right.
Something is wrong since this Yezi Yao came in
Everything goes wrong
They just wanted to punch me
Then I will fulfill them.
I'd like to see it
What kind of tricks can they come up with?
Ye Hua, I see you are not dead this time
I wish my brain and my armpit would become a Buddha
Lord Demon Lord
Can you really be sure about this night ring?
He will become the emperor of a generation in 1,000 years
Even sweep the Demon Realm?
Well, how dare you question me